Hi everyone!
In this video we will learn how to add dictionary items.
Adding an item to the dictionary is done by using a new index q and assigning a value to it, like here.
In this example, we add a new value to the dictionary with the new q color.
The second method using the method update.
This method will update the dictionary with the items from a given argument.
If the item does not exist, the item will be added.
If the item is exist in the dictionary, it will be updated by the new value.
Just be sure that the argument must be a dictionary or an iterable object with the key value pairs.
Let's go to PyCharm and execute some code.
Python dictionary.
Add the first example.
We will add a new queue to the dictionary by assigning a value to it.
The new queue color doesn't exist.
We assign a new value red.
It will be at last of the dictionary.
It takes the index for color red.
I'm working with the version 3.13 and the dictionary are ordered.
Any new items?
It will be at the end of the dictionary.
Let's go to the second example via the method update.
The color doesn't exist in the dictionary.
We will add a new item color equal value red.
If this color exists in the dictionary, we will overwrite by the new value.
Let's execute the code.
We need to print the result.
Print.
And this is the new value at the end of the dictionary.
And that's it for this video.